Docs: Update CSF Next API reference (#32341)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/api/csf/csf-next.mdx

import { defineMain } from '@storybook/your-framework/node';

export default defineMain({
  framework: '@storybook/your-framework',
  stories: ['../src/**/*.mdx', '../src/**/*.stories.@(js|jsx|mjs|ts|tsx)'],
  addons: ['@storybook/addon-a11y'],
});
```

### `definePreview`

Similarly, the `definePreview` function specifies your project's story configuration. This function is also type-safe and will infer types throughout your project.

Importantly, by specifying addons here, their types will be available throughout your project, enabling autocompletion and type checking.

You will import the result of this function, `preview`, in your story files to define the component meta.

```ts title=".storybook/preview.js|ts"
// Replace your-framework with the framework you are using (e.g., react-vite, nextjs, nextjs-vite)
import { definePreview } from '@storybook/your-framework';
import addonA11y from '@storybook/addon-a11y';

export default definePreview({
  // 👇 Add your addons here
  addons: [addonA11y()],
  parameters: {
    // type-safe!
    a11y: {
      options: { xpath: true },
    },
  },
});
```

<Callout variant="info">

>   The preview configuration will be automatically updated to reference the necessary addons when installing an addon via `npx storybook add <addon-name>` or running `storybook dev`.

Reviewer: I see there's a section on this below. We should forward-ref that.

```ts title="Button.stories.js|ts"
import preview from '../.storybook/preview';

import { Button } from './Button';

const meta = preview.meta({
  component: Button,
  parameters: {
    // type-safe!
    layout: 'centered',
  }
});
```

<Callout variant="info" icon="💡">

<a name="subpath-imports"></a>

If you would like to use absolute imports instead of relative imports for your preview config, you can configure that using one of these methods:

<details>
<summary>Subpath imports</summary>

Subpath imports are a Node.js standard that allows you to define custom import paths in your project, which you can then use throughout your codebase.

To configure subpath imports, add the following to your `package.json`:

```json title="package.json"
{
  "imports": {
    "#*": ["./*", "./*.ts", "./*.tsx"],
  },
}
```

For more information, refer to the [subpath imports documentation](../../writing-stories/mocking-data-and-modules/mocking-modules.mdx#subpath-imports).

</details>

<details>
<summary>Builder alias</summary>

> You can configure aliases for your builder (Vite or Webpack) in your main Storybook configuration, like so:

Author: @kasperpeulen ?

> You can configure aliases for your builder (Vite or Webpack) in your main Storybook configuration, like so:

Reviewer 2: I don't know, we should test this @yannbf @ghengeveld 
But why are we recommending builder aliases?
I belief this snippet is not complete, they should also change their tsconfig.json. 

If they are already using builder aliases, they can use/read whatever is recommended by their framework for that. 
If they are not, let's recommend a standard instead.

<CodeSnippets path="csf-next-builder-aliases.md" />

</details>

---

In stories files, you can then import your preview configuration using the subpath import or alias:

```ts
// ✅ Subpath imports won't break if you move story files around
import preview from '#.storybook/preview';

// ❌ Relative imports will break if you move story files around
import preview from '../../../.storybook/preview';
```

</Callout>

### `meta.story`

Finally, the `story` function on the `meta` object defines the stories. This function accepts an object containing the [`name`](../../writing-stories/index.mdx#rename-stories), [`args`](../../writing-stories/args.mdx), [`parameters`](../../writing-stories/parameters.mdx), and other story properties.

```ts title="Button.stories.js|ts"
// ...from above
const meta = preview.meta({ /* ... */ });

export const Primary = meta.story({
  args: {
    primary: true,
  },
});
```

> #### `<StoryName>.extend`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- #### `<StoryName>.extend`
+ #### `<Story>.extend`
```

Reads better IMO and more consistent with your description below in the doc.

> You can use the `.extend` method to create a new story based on an existing one, with the option to override or add new properties. Objects will be deep-merged; arrays and other primitives will be replaced.

Author: I like the ideas here, but I'll have to do that in a future effort. For now, I've added more clarity here.

- The meta object is now created via the [`preview.meta`](#previewmeta) function and does not have to be exported as a default export
- Stories are now created from the meta object, via the [`meta.story`](#metastory) function

<Callout variant="info">
The examples below show the changes needed to upgrade a story file from CSF 3 to CSF Next. You can also upgrade from CSF 1 or 2 using similar steps.
</Callout>

```diff title="Button.stories.js|ts"
+ import preview from '../.storybook/preview';
- import type { Meta, StoryObj } from '@storybook/your-framework';

import { Button } from './Button';

+ const meta = preview.meta({
- const meta = {
    // ...meta object is unchanged
+ });
- } satisfies Meta<typeof Button>;
- export default meta;

- type Story = StoryObj<typeof meta>;

+ export const Primary = meta.story({
- export const Primary: Story = {
    // ...story object is unchanged
+ });
- };
```

Note that importing or manually applying any type to the meta or stories is no longer necessary. Thanks to the factory function pattern, the types are now inferred automatically.

**3.1 Reusing story properties**

<Callout variant="info" icon="💡">

> If you are reusing story properties to create a new story based on another, the [`<StoryName>.extend`](#storynameextend) method is the recommended way to do so.

Reviewer: Would also need updating if you accept the change above.

> If you are reusing story properties to create a new story based on another, the [`<StoryName>.extend`](#storynameextend) method is the recommended way to do so.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are reusing story properties to create a new story based on another, the [`<Story>.extend`](#storyextend) method is the recommended way to do so.
```

</Callout>

Previously, story properties such as `Story.args` or `Story.parameters` were accessed directly when reusing them in another story. While accessing them like this is still supported, it is deprecated in CSF Next.

All of the story properties are now contained within a new property called `composed` and should be accessed from that property instead. For instance, `Story.composed.args` or `Story.composed.parameters`.

```diff title="Button.stories.js|ts"
// ...rest of file

+ export const Primary = meta.story({
- export const Primary: Story = {
    args: { primary: true },
+ });
- };

+ export const PrimaryDisabled = meta.story({
- export const PrimaryDisabled: Story = {
    args: {
+     ...Primary.composed.args,
-     ...Primary.args,
      disabled: true,
    }
+ });
- };
```

<Callout variant="info">
  The property name "composed" was chosen because the values within are composed from the story, its component meta, and the preview configuration.

  If you want to access the direct input to the story, you can use `Story.input` instead of `Story.composed`.
</Callout>

**4. Update your Vitest setup file**

> If you're using [Storybook's Vitest addon](../../writing-tests/integrations/vitest-addon.mdx), you can remove your Vitest setup file.

Reviewer: They might have other setup stuff in there that they don't want to remove. I guess users will figure this out on their own, but perhaps there is a way to phrase it better.

Author: I clarified which setup file we're talking about. It seems very unlikely they're using the Storybook-specific setup file for anything else?

```diff
+ ...you can remove your Vitest setup file (`.storybook/vitest.setup.ts`).
- ...you can remove your Vitest setup file.
```
